Add procedure to create cluster managed VM (#955)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/virtualization.adoc

. The new virtual guest starts as soon as it has successfully been created.

> The procedure is similar to create virtual guests on a pacemaker cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add virtual guests on a pacemaker cluster within the {productname} {webui}, too.
```
